A surgical buttox lift (BBL) Is one of the most popular procedures among women in recent years, but it can be extremely uncomfortable and expensive. PDO threads can be used to lift your buttox with 2-3 minimally invasive sessions!

The PDO threads are inserted after numbing is applied to the area. At RUMA, https://ruma.com/ we offer laughing gas for anyone who may be feeling a bit nervous about the procedure. The treatment usually lasts 45 minutes to 2 hours and has minimal side effects such as mild bruising and swelling. 

The PDO Thread Lift is achieved by the injector gently placing, tightening, and using the threads to lift the buttox. The PDO Threads will dissolve over time, and collagen will build up to replace them!

Check out the reviews to learn how much patients are satisfied with the PDO Thread treatment and cellulite treatment for a global buttox refresh! The Injectors can help you create a plan to both anti-aging and rejuvenate the butts and go over the rest of your medical aesthetic needs. 
What are PDO threads?

PDO (polydiaxone) threads are a dissolvable suture material made of protein. They are used to lift loose tissue in the face and body. It is one of the most effective non-surgical ways to lift the buttock tissue.

How do they work to lift the buttox?

The threads are preloaded on a blunt tip, a hollow cannula inserted under the skin. The threads have tiny barbs on them that grasp the tissue and reposition the skin. The thread is tightened, and the hollow blunt cannula is removed without leaving any scar! Usually, 4-6 threads per buttock are used.

How long do they last?

The threads will fully dissolve within 4-6 months, and your body will produce its own collagen where the thread was, which will secure the lift and give lasting results.

How much does it cost?

It costs around $300 per thread with a minimum of 4 threads per side. Each person will need different amount of threads, depending on their anatomy. Schedule your complimentary consultation now with the injectors to discuss pricing! 

What are the side effects and downtime?

Mild to moderate swelling, bruising, and tenderness is to be expected. The pain can usually be managed with Tylenol or Motrin. We recommend avoiding strenuous activity for two weeks and use ice and Arnica as needed to help decrease inflammation.
